the US President Joe Biden has warned
Israel's prime minister in a phone call
that no military operation should go
ahead in Rafa in southern Gaza unless
there's a plan to ensure the safety of
the population Mr Biden has become the
latest leader to voice his concern about
Israel's proposal to invade the city
Rafa on the border with Egypt has become
the last refuge for Palestinians fleeing
the bombardment elsewhere in Gaza which
has been going on since the Hamas
attacks of October the 7th Hamas is
designated a terrorist organization by
the UK Benjamin Netanyahu has insisted
that an evacuation plan for the city is
being prepared with the latest Jeremy
boen reports from
Jerusalem at the southern end of Gaza
this is the heavily guarded border fence
with Egypt for Palestinian refugees
there is no further to go Leila Abu
Mustafa fled here with her two
handicapped daughters getting on for 1
and a half million Palestinian civilians
have been forced into Southern Gaza
living in Dreadful conditions now Israel
says it will attack this area claiming
it will find a safe haven for civilians
in one of the most dangerous places for
them on
Earth every day Lea says we've been on
the run I can't carry my daughters we
are not moving
again in Israel which feels a world away
the prime minister's allies are backing
his demand for total Victory history is
judging us and if we don't eliminate I
mean Kamas ifas or terrorist entity
continues controlling a territory
beside beside Israel whether in the
North or in the south then I mean we
haven't done our morale job towards our
population at Israel's parliament in
Jerusalem strains of War are showing an
MP who supported the genocide case
against Israel has been accused of
treason and faces expulsion defending
oneself doesn't give one the right to to
kill other people especially innocent
civilians it's very clear everybody
myself and my
comrades we were of course totally
against the terrible Carnage that Kamas
carried out but we said from the
beginning that the
solution and is not retaliation is is
not a revenge and it's not war so what
is it only a political solution and the
strain of War here in Northern Gaza no
police no law and order food convoys
attacked it's even worse in the South
with looters threatening to paralyze the
entire Aid operation we've seen it
growing over the last weeks and I think
as the situation people come more
desperate as opportunities appear we see
the attacks on these trucks the attacks
on vehicles and now the attacks on
drivers and so it's become a very
Lawless area for people then to operate
and for us to operate in that it's it's
it's it's impossible actually we can't
get into gaza's chaotic desperate tent
cities to check Israel's claims that
Hamas is stealing the food the UN says
it's young men not in uniform mostly
unarmed President Biden has told Israel
once again it must not attack here in
Rafa unless it keeps civilians safe one
question is Israel listening Jeremy bone
BBC News Jerusalem